[synthetics] Update documentation about Windows PL requirements (#22201)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/private_locations/_index.md

You must install .NET version 4.7.2 or later on your computer before using the MSI installer. 

{{< site-region region="gov" >}}

> <div class="alert alert-danger">FIPS compliance is not supported for private locations that report to `ddog-gov.com`. To disable this behavior, use the <a href"="https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/private_locations/configuration/?tab=docker#all-configuration-options"><code>--disableFipsCompliance</code> option</a>.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-danger">FIPS compliance is not supported for private locations that report to <code>ddog-gov.com</code>. To disable this behavior, use the <a href"="https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/private_locations/configuration/?tab=docker#all-configuration-options"><code>--disableFipsCompliance</code> option</a>.</div>
```

You must install .NET version 4.7.2 or later on your computer before using the MSI installer. 

{{< site-region region="gov" >}}

> FIPS compliance is not supported for private locations that report to `ddog-gov.com`. Please use the `--disableFipsCompliance` option to disable this behavior ([more information here][1]).
> 
> [1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/private_locations/configuration/?tab=docker#all-configuration-options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/private_locations/configuration/?tab=docker#all-configuration-options

<div class="alert alert-danger">FIPS compliance is not supported for private locations that report to `ddog-gov.com`. To disable this behavior, use the <a href"="https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/private_locations/configuration/?tab=docker#all-configuration-options"><code>--disableFipsCompliance</code> option</a>.</div>
```
